README.md, before:

# Antigravity Phone Connect 📱

[![License: GPL v3](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-GPLv3-blue.svg)](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0)

**Antigravity Phone Connect** is a high-performance, real-time mobile monitor and remote control for your Antigravity AI sessions. It allows you to step away from your desk while keeping full sight and control over your AI's thinking process and generations.

![Antigravity Phone Connect](./assets/global_access_hero_2.png)

**Note:** This project is a refined fork/extension based on the original [Antigravity Shit-Chat](https://github.com/gherghett/Antigravity-Shit-Chat) by gherghett.

---

## 🚀 Quick Start

> 💡 **Tip:** While we recommend starting Antigravity first, the server is now smart enough to wait and automatically connect whenever Antigravity becomes available!

### Step 1: Launch Antigravity in Debug Mode

Start Antigravity with the remote debugging port enabled:

**Option A: Using Right-Click Context Menu (Recommended)**
- Run `install_context_menu.bat` (Windows) or `./install_context_menu.sh` (Linux) and select **[1] Install**
- Then right-click any project folder → **"Open with Antigravity (Debug)"**

**Option B: Manual Command**
```bash
antigravity . --remote-debugging-port=9000
```

### Step 2: Open or Start a Chat

- In Antigravity, open an **existing chat** from the bottom-right panel, **OR**
- Start a **new chat** by typing a message

> 💡 The server needs an active chat session to capture snapshots. Without this, you'll see "cascade not found" errors.

### Step 3: Run the Server

**Windows:**
```
Double-click start_ag_phone_connect.bat
```

**macOS / Linux:**
```bash
chmod +x start_ag_phone_connect.sh   # First time only
./start_ag_phone_connect.sh
```

The script will:
- Verify Node.js is installed
- Install dependencies if missing
- Auto-kill any existing server on port 3000
- **Wait for Antigravity** if it's not started yet
- Display your **exact IP Address** (e.g., `https://192.168.1.5:3000`)

### Step 4: Connect Your Phone (Local Wi-Fi)

1. Ensure your phone is on the **same Wi-Fi network** as your PC
2. Open your mobile browser and enter the **URL shown in the terminal**
3. If using HTTPS: Accept the self-signed certificate warning on first visit

---

## 🌍 NEW: Global Remote Access (Web Mode)

Access your Antigravity session from **anywhere in the world** (Mobile Data, outside Wi-Fi) with secure passcode protection.

### Setup (First Time)
1. **Get an ngrok Token**: Sign up for free at [ngrok.com](https://ngrok.com) and get your "Authtoken".
2. **Automatic Configuration (Recommended)**: Simply run the `_web` script (below). It will detect your missing configuration and offer to create a template `.env` file for you automatically!
3. **Manual Backup**: Alternatively, create a `.env` file manually in the project root:
   ```env
   NGROK_AUTHTOKEN=your_token_here
   APP_PASSWORD=your_secure_passcode
   PORT=3000
   ```

### Usage
- **Windows**: Run `start_ag_phone_connect_web.bat`
- **Mac/Linux**: Run `./start_ag_phone_connect_web.sh`

The script will launch the server and provide a **Public URL** (e.g., `https://abcd-123.ngrok-free.app`). 
1. Open this URL on your phone (no Wi-Fi needed!).
2. Enter your `APP_PASSWORD` to log in.
3. Enjoy full control from your mobile network!

> 💡 **Tip:** Devices on the same local Wi-Fi still enjoy direct access without needing a password.

---

## 🔒 Enabling HTTPS (Recommended)

For a secure connection without the browser warning icon:

### Option 1: Command Line
```bash
node generate_ssl.js
```
- Uses **OpenSSL** if available (includes your IP in certificate)
- Falls back to **Node.js crypto** if OpenSSL not found
- Creates certificates in `./certs/` directory

### Option 2: Web UI
1. Start the server on HTTP
2. Look for the yellow **"⚠️ Not Secure"** banner
3. Click **"Enable HTTPS"** button
4. Restart the server when prompted

### After Generating:
1. **Restart the server** - it will automatically detect and use HTTPS.
2. **On your phone's first visit**:
   - You'll see a security warning (normal for self-signed certs).
   - Tap **"Advanced"** → **"Proceed to site"**.
   - The warning won't appear again!

---

### macOS: Adding Right-Click "Quick Action" (Optional)

Since macOS requires Automator for context menu entries, follow these steps manually:

1.  Open **Automator** (Spotlight → type "Automator").
2.  Click **File → New** and select **Quick Action**.
3.  At the top, set:
    - "Workflow receives current" → **folders**
    - "in" → **Finder**
4.  In the left sidebar, search for **"Run Shell Script"** and drag it to the right pane.
5.  Set "Shell" to `/bin/zsh` and "Pass input" to **as arguments**.
6.  Paste this script:
    ```bash
    cd "$1"
    antigravity . --remote-debugging-port=9000
    ```
7.  **Save** the Quick Action with a name like `Open with Antigravity (Debug)`.
8.  Now you can right-click any folder in Finder → **Quick Actions → Open with Antigravity (Debug)**.

---

## ✨ Features

- **🌍 Global Web Access (NEW!)**: Secure remote access via ngrok tunnel. Access your AI from mobile data with passcode protection.
- **🛡️ Auto-Cleanup (NEW!)**: Launchers now automatically sweep away "ghost" processes from previous sessions for a clean start every time.
- **🔒 HTTPS Support**: Secure connections with self-signed SSL certificates.
- **Real-Time Mirroring**: 1-second polling interval for near-instant sync.
- **Remote Control**: Send messages, stop generations, and switch Modes (Fast/Planning) or Models (Gemini/Claude/GPT) directly from your phone.
- **Scroll Sync**: When you scroll on your phone, the desktop Antigravity scrolls too!
- **Thought Expansion**: Tap on "Thinking..." or "Thought" blocks on your phone to remotely expand/collapse them.
- **Smart Sync**: Bi-directional synchronization ensures your phone always shows the current Model and Mode selected on your desktop.
- **Premium Mobile UI**: A sleek, dark-themed interface optimized for touch interaction.
- **Context Menu Management**: Dedicated scripts to **Install, Remove, Restart, or Backup** your Right-Click integrations.
- **Health Monitoring**: Built-in `/health` endpoint for server status checks.
- **Graceful Shutdown**: Clean exit on Ctrl+C, closing all connections properly.
- **Zero-Config**: The launch scripts handle the heavy lifting of environment setup.

---

## 📂 Documentation

For more technical details, check out:
- [**Code Documentation**](CODE_DOCUMENTATION.md) - Architecture, Data Flow, and API.
- [**Security Guide**](SECURITY.md) - HTTPS setup, certificate warnings, and security model.
- [**Design Philosophy**](DESIGN_PHILOSOPHY.md) - Why it was built this way.
- [**Contributing**](CONTRIBUTING.md) - Guidelines for developers.

---

## License

Licensed under the [GNU GPL v3](LICENSE).  
Copyright (C) 2026 **Krishna Kanth B** (@krishnakanthb13)

Commit message:

v0.2.1 - docs: update documentation for magic links and unified launcher
- Update CODE_DOCUMENTATION.md to reference Antigravity instead of VS Code
- Add details on launcher.py, magic QR codes, and unified management
- Revise DESIGN_PHILOSOPHY.md to reflect Antigravity-specific changes
- Enhance README.md with QR code and magic link connection steps
- Add v0.2.1 release notes for new features and bug fixes

README.md, after:

# Antigravity Phone Connect 📱

[![License: GPL v3](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-GPLv3-blue.svg)](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0)

**Antigravity Phone Connect** is a high-performance, real-time mobile monitor and remote control for your Antigravity AI sessions. It allows you to step away from your desk while keeping full sight and control over your AI's thinking process and generations.

![Antigravity Phone Connect](./assets/global_access_hero_2.png)

**Note:** This project is a refined fork/extension based on the original [Antigravity Shit-Chat](https://github.com/gherghett/Antigravity-Shit-Chat) by gherghett.

---

## 🚀 Quick Start

> 💡 **Tip:** While we recommend starting Antigravity first, the server is now smart enough to wait and automatically connect whenever Antigravity becomes available!

### Step 1: Launch Antigravity in Debug Mode

Start Antigravity with the remote debugging port enabled:

**Option A: Using Right-Click Context Menu (Recommended)**
- Run `install_context_menu.bat` (Windows) or `./install_context_menu.sh` (Linux) and select **[1] Install**
- Then right-click any project folder → **"Open with Antigravity (Debug)"**

**Option B: Manual Command**
```bash
antigravity . --remote-debugging-port=9000
```

### Step 2: Open or Start a Chat

- In Antigravity, open an **existing chat** from the bottom-right panel, **OR**
- Start a **new chat** by typing a message

> 💡 The server needs an active chat session to capture snapshots. Without this, you'll see "cascade not found" errors.

### Step 3: Run the Server

**Windows:**
```
Double-click start_ag_phone_connect.bat
```

**macOS / Linux:**
```bash
chmod +x start_ag_phone_connect.sh   # First time only
./start_ag_phone_connect.sh
```

The script will:
- Verify Node.js and Python dependencies
- Auto-kill any existing server on port 3000
- **Wait for Antigravity** if it's not started yet
- Display a **QR Code** and your **Link** (e.g., `https://192.168.1.5:3000`)
- Provide numbered steps for easy connection

### Step 4: Connect Your Phone (Local Wi-Fi)

1. Ensure your phone is on the **same Wi-Fi network** as your PC
2. Open your mobile browser and enter the **URL shown in the terminal**
3. If using HTTPS: Accept the self-signed certificate warning on first visit

---

## 🌍 NEW: Global Remote Access (Web Mode)

Access your Antigravity session from **anywhere in the world** (Mobile Data, outside Wi-Fi) with secure passcode protection.

### Setup (First Time)
1. **Get an ngrok Token**: Sign up for free at [ngrok.com](https://ngrok.com) and get your "Authtoken".
2. **Automatic Configuration (Recommended)**: Simply run the `_web` script (below). It will detect your missing configuration and offer to create a template `.env` file for you automatically!
3. **Manual Backup**: Alternatively, create a `.env` file manually in the project root:
   ```env
   NGROK_AUTHTOKEN=your_token_here
   APP_PASSWORD=your_secure_passcode
   PORT=3000
   ```

### Usage
- **Windows**: Run `start_ag_phone_connect_web.bat`
- **Mac/Linux**: Run `./start_ag_phone_connect_web.sh`

The script will launch the server and provide a **Public URL** (e.g., `https://abcd-123.ngrok-free.app`). 

**Two Ways to Connect:**
1. **Magic Link (Easiest)**: Scan the **Magic QR Code** displayed in the terminal. It logs you in automatically!
2. **Manual**: 
   - Open the URL on your phone.
   - Enter your `APP_PASSWORD` to log in.

> 💡 **Tip:** Devices on the same local Wi-Fi still enjoy direct access without needing a password.

---

## 🔒 Enabling HTTPS (Recommended)

For a secure connection without the browser warning icon:

### Option 1: Command Line
```bash
node generate_ssl.js
```
- Uses **OpenSSL** if available (includes your IP in certificate)
- Falls back to **Node.js crypto** if OpenSSL not found
- Creates certificates in `./certs/` directory

### Option 2: Web UI
1. Start the server on HTTP
2. Look for the yellow **"⚠️ Not Secure"** banner
3. Click **"Enable HTTPS"** button
4. Restart the server when prompted

### After Generating:
1. **Restart the server** - it will automatically detect and use HTTPS.
2. **On your phone's first visit**:
   - You'll see a security warning (normal for self-signed certs).
   - Tap **"Advanced"** → **"Proceed to site"**.
   - The warning won't appear again!

---

### macOS: Adding Right-Click "Quick Action" (Optional)

Since macOS requires Automator for context menu entries, follow these steps manually:

1.  Open **Automator** (Spotlight → type "Automator").
2.  Click **File → New** and select **Quick Action**.
3.  At the top, set:
    - "Workflow receives current" → **folders**
    - "in" → **Finder**
4.  In the left sidebar, search for **"Run Shell Script"** and drag it to the right pane.
5.  Set "Shell" to `/bin/zsh` and "Pass input" to **as arguments**.
6.  Paste this script:
    ```bash
    cd "$1"
    antigravity . --remote-debugging-port=9000
    ```
7.  **Save** the Quick Action with a name like `Open with Antigravity (Debug)`.
8.  Now you can right-click any folder in Finder → **Quick Actions → Open with Antigravity (Debug)**.

---

## ✨ Features

- **🌍 Global Web Access (NEW!)**: Secure remote access via ngrok tunnel. Access your AI from mobile data with passcode protection.
- **🛡️ Auto-Cleanup (NEW!)**: Launchers now automatically sweep away "ghost" processes from previous sessions for a clean start every time.
- **🔒 HTTPS Support**: Secure connections with self-signed SSL certificates.
- **Real-Time Mirroring**: 1-second polling interval for near-instant sync.
- **Remote Control**: Send messages, stop generations, and switch Modes (Fast/Planning) or Models (Gemini/Claude/GPT) directly from your phone.
- **Scroll Sync**: When you scroll on your phone, the desktop Antigravity scrolls too!
- **Thought Expansion**: Tap on "Thinking..." or "Thought" blocks on your phone to remotely expand/collapse them.
- **Smart Sync**: Bi-directional synchronization ensures your phone always shows the current Model and Mode selected on your desktop.
- **Premium Mobile UI**: A sleek, dark-themed interface optimized for touch interaction.
- **Context Menu Management**: Dedicated scripts to **Install, Remove, Restart, or Backup** your Right-Click integrations.
- **Health Monitoring**: Built-in `/health` endpoint for server status checks.
- **Graceful Shutdown**: Clean exit on Ctrl+C, closing all connections properly.
- **Zero-Config**: The launch scripts handle the heavy lifting of environment setup.

---

## 📂 Documentation

For more technical details, check out:
- [**Code Documentation**](CODE_DOCUMENTATION.md) - Architecture, Data Flow, and API.
- [**Security Guide**](SECURITY.md) - HTTPS setup, certificate warnings, and security model.
- [**Design Philosophy**](DESIGN_PHILOSOPHY.md) - Why it was built this way.
- [**Contributing**](CONTRIBUTING.md) - Guidelines for developers.

---

## License

Licensed under the [GNU GPL v3](LICENSE).  
Copyright (C) 2026 **Krishna Kanth B** (@krishnakanthb13)
