SECURITY.md, before:

# SECURITY - Antigravity Phone Connect

This document explains the security model, HTTPS setup, and how to handle browser warnings.

---

## 🔒 HTTPS & SSL Certificates

Antigravity Phone Connect supports HTTPS for secure connections between your phone and desktop.

### Why HTTPS?

- **Encrypted Traffic**: All data between your phone and server is encrypted.
- **No Browser Warning Icon**: Removes the ⚠️ "Not Secure" warning in the address bar.
- **Professional Experience**: Feels more polished and trustworthy.

### Certificate Generation Methods

The `generate_ssl.js` script uses a **hybrid approach**:

| Method | When Used | Benefits |
|--------|-----------|----------|
| **OpenSSL** (preferred) | When OpenSSL is installed | Full IP address SAN support, cleaner browser warnings |
| **Node.js crypto** (fallback) | When OpenSSL not available | Zero dependencies, works everywhere |

**OpenSSL availability by platform:**
- **Windows**: Available if Git for Windows is installed
- **macOS**: LibreSSL built-in (compatible)
- **Linux**: Usually pre-installed

### Self-Signed vs CA-Signed Certificates

| Type | Pros | Cons |
|------|------|------|
| **Self-Signed** (what we use) | Free, works offline, no domain needed, instant setup | Browser shows warning on first visit |
| **CA-Signed** (Let's Encrypt, etc.) | No browser warnings | Requires domain name, internet access, periodic renewal |

For local network use, **self-signed certificates are the practical choice**.

---

## ⚠️ "Your Connection is Not Private" Warning

When you first visit the HTTPS URL on your phone, you'll see a warning like:

> **Your connection is not private**  
> Attackers might be trying to steal your information from 192.168.1.x  
> `NET::ERR_CERT_AUTHORITY_INVALID`

### Is This Safe?

**Yes, for your local network.** This warning appears because:
1. The certificate is "self-signed" (created by you, not a Certificate Authority)
2. Your browser doesn't recognize the issuer
3. This is **expected behavior** for local development servers

### How to Bypass (By Browser/Device)

#### Android Chrome
1. Tap **"Advanced"** at the bottom of the warning page
2. Tap **"Proceed to 192.168.1.x (unsafe)"**

#### iPhone Safari
1. Tap **"Show Details"**
2. Tap **"visit this website"**
3. Tap **"Visit Website"** in the confirmation popup

#### iPhone Chrome
1. Tap **"Advanced"**
2. Tap **"Proceed to 192.168.1.x (unsafe)"**

#### Desktop Chrome/Edge
1. Click **"Advanced"**
2. Click **"Proceed to localhost (unsafe)"**

#### Desktop Firefox
1. Click **"Advanced..."**
2. Click **"Accept the Risk and Continue"**

### After Accepting

**What you'll see in all browsers:**

All browsers will show **"Not Secure"** but **"Encrypted"** - this is expected!

| Browser | Icon | Message |
|---------|------|---------|
| Chrome (Android/Desktop) | 🔴 Red octagon with X | "Not secure" - but encrypted |
| Safari (iPhone) | ⚠️ Triangle warning | "Not Trusted" - but encrypted |
| Firefox | 🔴 Red octagon with X | "Not secure" - but encrypted |
| Edge | 🔴 Red octagon with X | "Not secure" - but encrypted |

**Why "Not Secure" but still encrypted?**
- ✅ **Your data IS encrypted** with TLS 1.3 / AES-256
- ❌ The certificate isn't from a trusted Certificate Authority
- This is **normal and expected** for self-signed certificates

**Key points:**
- ✅ The initial warning won't appear again (until you clear browser data)
- ✅ All traffic is encrypted with modern TLS 1.3
- ✅ Tap the icon → "Connection is encrypted" confirms security

---

## 🔑 Passcode Protection (NEW)

To secure your session when accessing it globally, Antigravity Phone Connect now includes a built-in authentication layer.

### How it Works
1. **Local Access (Wi-Fi)**: The server detects your local IP. Devices on same Wi-Fi are **automatically authenticated**.
2. **Global Access (Mobile Data)**: Requests from the internet (via ngrok) require a **Passcode**.
3. **Session Cookies**: Once logged in, your browser stores a secure, signed cookie valid for 30 days.

### Configuration
Set your custom password in the `.env` file:
```env
APP_PASSWORD=your_secure_password
```
*If no password is set, the server will generate a **temporary 6-digit passcode** each time it starts and display it in the terminal.*

---

## 🛡️ Security Model

### What's Protected

- **Transport Layer**: All HTTP traffic is encrypted with TLS 1.3 when using HTTPS.
- **Passcode Protection**: When accessed via the internet (ngrok) or non-local networks, a password/passcode is mandatory to prevent unauthorized access.
- **Local Exemption**: Intelligent IP detection automatically trusts your local Wi-Fi devices, allowing password-free access at home.
- **Secure Sessions**: Uses signed, `httpOnly` cookies that are inaccessible to cross-site scripting (XSS) attacks.
- **Input Sanitization**: User messages are escaped using `JSON.stringify` before CDP injection.
- **Graceful Shutdown**: Server cleans up connections properly on exit.

### What's NOT Protected

- **Self-Signed Certs**: Not trusted by browsers without manual accept (see "Bypassing Warnings" above).
- **Physical Access**: Anyone with physical access to your phone or desktop can control the session.

### Remote Access Strategy

| Method | Safety | Recommendation |
|----------|--------|----------------|
| **Local Wi-Fi** | 🟢 High | Default mode, no password required. |
| **_web Mode (ngrok)** | 🟡 Medium | Use `APP_PASSWORD` in `.env` for secure global access. |
| **Port Forwarding** | 🔴 Low | **NOT RECOMMENDED**. Use the built-in `_web` tunnel instead. |

### Recommendations

| Scenario | Recommendation |
|----------|----------------|
| Home network (trusted) | Use as-is, HTTPS recommended |
| Shared network (office) | Enable HTTPS, consider adding auth |
| Remote access | Use VPN or SSH tunnel, never expose directly to internet |

---

## 🔑 Certificate Management

### Generating Certificates

```bash
node generate_ssl.js
```

**What it does:**
1. Detects your local IP addresses (e.g., 192.168.1.3)
2. Tries OpenSSL first (if available) - includes IP in certificate SAN
3. Falls back to Node.js crypto if OpenSSL not found
4. Creates `certs/server.key` and `certs/server.cert`

**Example output:**
```
🔐 Generating self-signed SSL certificate...

📍 Detected IP addresses: 192.168.1.3, 127.0.0.1

🔧 Using OpenSSL for certificate generation...

✅ SSL certificates generated successfully!
   Method: OpenSSL
   Key:    ./certs/server.key
   Cert:   ./certs/server.cert
   SANs:   localhost, 192.168.1.3, 127.0.0.1
```

### Web UI Method

If you're already running the server on HTTP:
1. Look for the yellow **"⚠️ Not Secure"** banner
2. Click **"Enable HTTPS"** button
3. Restart the server when prompted

### Regenerating Certificates

If you need a new certificate (e.g., IP changed, expired, or compromised):

```bash
# Delete old certificates
rm -rf certs/     # Linux/macOS
rmdir /s certs    # Windows

# Generate new ones
node generate_ssl.js

# Restart server
node server.js
```

Note: After regenerating, you'll need to accept the browser warning again on all devices.

### Certificate Location

Certificates are stored in `./certs/` and are **gitignored** - they will NOT be committed to version control.

### Verifying Your Certificate

To check which certificate you're using and its details:

**Windows (with Git):**
```powershell
& "C:\Program Files\Git\usr\bin\openssl.exe" x509 -in certs/server.cert -text -noout | Select-String -Pattern "Subject:|Issuer:|Not Before|Not After|DNS:|IP Address:"
```

**macOS/Linux:**
```bash
openssl x509 -in certs/server.cert -text -noout | grep -E "Subject:|Issuer:|Not Before|Not After|DNS:|IP Address:"
```

**Example output:**
```
Issuer: C=US, O=AntigravityPhoneConnect, CN=localhost
Not Before: Jan 17 06:55:13 2026 GMT
Not After : Jan 17 06:55:13 2027 GMT
Subject: C=US, O=AntigravityPhoneConnect, CN=localhost
DNS:localhost, IP Address:192.168.1.3, IP Address:127.0.0.1
```

**Quick check (any platform):**
```bash
node -e "const fs=require('fs'); console.log(fs.existsSync('certs/server.cert') ? '✅ Certificate exists' : '❌ No certificate')"
```

---

## 🌐 Network Security

### Local Network Only

By default, the server binds to `0.0.0.0:3000`, meaning:
- ✅ Accessible from any device on your LAN
- ✅ Accessible via `localhost` on the host machine
- ❌ NOT accessible from the internet (unless you port-forward)

### Firewall Considerations

If you can't connect from your phone:
1. Check Windows Firewall / macOS Firewall settings
2. Ensure port 3000 is allowed for Node.js
3. Verify both devices are on the same Wi-Fi network

---

## 🔧 Installing OpenSSL (Optional)

For the best certificate experience (proper IP SAN support), install OpenSSL:

### Windows
- **Easiest**: Install [Git for Windows](https://git-scm.com/) - includes OpenSSL
- **Standalone**: Download from [slproweb.com](https://slproweb.com/products/Win32OpenSSL.html)

### macOS
```bash
# Already included as LibreSSL, or install via Homebrew:
brew install openssl
```

### Linux
```bash
# Usually pre-installed, or:
sudo apt install openssl    # Debian/Ubuntu
sudo yum install openssl    # RHEL/CentOS
```

---

## 📚 Related Documentation

- [README.md](README.md) - Quick start and HTTPS setup instructions
- [CODE_DOCUMENTATION.md](CODE_DOCUMENTATION.md) - Technical details of SSL implementation
- [DESIGN_PHILOSOPHY.md](DESIGN_PHILOSOPHY.md) - Security design decisions
- [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md) - Security checklist for contributors

Commit message:

v0.2.4 - docs(config): update documentation for automatic .env creation from template
Updates setup guides across CODE_DOCUMENTATION.md, CONTRIBUTING.md, README.md, and SECURITY.md to document the new .env.example template and automatic .env file creation feature. Adds .env.example to file structure listings and updates configuration instructions to reflect the streamlined setup process.

SECURITY.md, after:

# SECURITY - Antigravity Phone Connect

This document explains the security model, HTTPS setup, and how to handle browser warnings.

---

## 🔒 HTTPS & SSL Certificates

Antigravity Phone Connect supports HTTPS for secure connections between your phone and desktop.

### Why HTTPS?

- **Encrypted Traffic**: All data between your phone and server is encrypted.
- **No Browser Warning Icon**: Removes the ⚠️ "Not Secure" warning in the address bar.
- **Professional Experience**: Feels more polished and trustworthy.

### Certificate Generation Methods

The `generate_ssl.js` script uses a **hybrid approach**:

| Method | When Used | Benefits |
|--------|-----------|----------|
| **OpenSSL** (preferred) | When OpenSSL is installed | Full IP address SAN support, cleaner browser warnings |
| **Node.js crypto** (fallback) | When OpenSSL not available | Zero dependencies, works everywhere |

**OpenSSL availability by platform:**
- **Windows**: Available if Git for Windows is installed
- **macOS**: LibreSSL built-in (compatible)
- **Linux**: Usually pre-installed

### Self-Signed vs CA-Signed Certificates

| Type | Pros | Cons |
|------|------|------|
| **Self-Signed** (what we use) | Free, works offline, no domain needed, instant setup | Browser shows warning on first visit |
| **CA-Signed** (Let's Encrypt, etc.) | No browser warnings | Requires domain name, internet access, periodic renewal |

For local network use, **self-signed certificates are the practical choice**.

---

## ⚠️ "Your Connection is Not Private" Warning

When you first visit the HTTPS URL on your phone, you'll see a warning like:

> **Your connection is not private**  
> Attackers might be trying to steal your information from 192.168.1.x  
> `NET::ERR_CERT_AUTHORITY_INVALID`

### Is This Safe?

**Yes, for your local network.** This warning appears because:
1. The certificate is "self-signed" (created by you, not a Certificate Authority)
2. Your browser doesn't recognize the issuer
3. This is **expected behavior** for local development servers

### How to Bypass (By Browser/Device)

#### Android Chrome
1. Tap **"Advanced"** at the bottom of the warning page
2. Tap **"Proceed to 192.168.1.x (unsafe)"**

#### iPhone Safari
1. Tap **"Show Details"**
2. Tap **"visit this website"**
3. Tap **"Visit Website"** in the confirmation popup

#### iPhone Chrome
1. Tap **"Advanced"**
2. Tap **"Proceed to 192.168.1.x (unsafe)"**

#### Desktop Chrome/Edge
1. Click **"Advanced"**
2. Click **"Proceed to localhost (unsafe)"**

#### Desktop Firefox
1. Click **"Advanced..."**
2. Click **"Accept the Risk and Continue"**

### After Accepting

**What you'll see in all browsers:**

All browsers will show **"Not Secure"** but **"Encrypted"** - this is expected!

| Browser | Icon | Message |
|---------|------|---------|
| Chrome (Android/Desktop) | 🔴 Red octagon with X | "Not secure" - but encrypted |
| Safari (iPhone) | ⚠️ Triangle warning | "Not Trusted" - but encrypted |
| Firefox | 🔴 Red octagon with X | "Not secure" - but encrypted |
| Edge | 🔴 Red octagon with X | "Not secure" - but encrypted |

**Why "Not Secure" but still encrypted?**
- ✅ **Your data IS encrypted** with TLS 1.3 / AES-256
- ❌ The certificate isn't from a trusted Certificate Authority
- This is **normal and expected** for self-signed certificates

**Key points:**
- ✅ The initial warning won't appear again (until you clear browser data)
- ✅ All traffic is encrypted with modern TLS 1.3
- ✅ Tap the icon → "Connection is encrypted" confirms security

---

## 🔑 Passcode Protection (NEW)

To secure your session when accessing it globally, Antigravity Phone Connect now includes a built-in authentication layer.

### How it Works
1. **Local Access (Wi-Fi)**: The server detects your local IP. Devices on same Wi-Fi are **automatically authenticated**.
2. **Global Access (Mobile Data)**: Requests from the internet (via ngrok) require a **Passcode**.
3. **Session Cookies**: Once logged in, your browser stores a secure, signed cookie valid for 30 days.

### Configuration
1. Copy `.env.example` to `.env`.
2. Set your custom password and API keys in the `.env` file:
```env
APP_PASSWORD=your_secure_password
XXX_API_KEY=your-ai-provider-key
```
*If no password is set, the server will generate a **temporary 6-digit passcode** each time it starts and display it in the terminal.*

---

## 🛡️ Security Model

### What's Protected

- **Transport Layer**: All HTTP traffic is encrypted with TLS 1.3 when using HTTPS.
- **Passcode Protection**: When accessed via the internet (ngrok) or non-local networks, a password/passcode is mandatory to prevent unauthorized access.
- **Local Exemption**: Intelligent IP detection automatically trusts your local Wi-Fi devices, allowing password-free access at home.
- **Secure Sessions**: Uses signed, `httpOnly` cookies that are inaccessible to cross-site scripting (XSS) attacks.
- **Input Sanitization**: User messages are escaped using `JSON.stringify` before CDP injection.
- **Graceful Shutdown**: Server cleans up connections properly on exit.

### What's NOT Protected

- **Self-Signed Certs**: Not trusted by browsers without manual accept (see "Bypassing Warnings" above).
- **Physical Access**: Anyone with physical access to your phone or desktop can control the session.

### Remote Access Strategy

| Method | Safety | Recommendation |
|----------|--------|----------------|
| **Local Wi-Fi** | 🟢 High | Default mode, no password required. |
| **_web Mode (ngrok)** | 🟡 Medium | Use `APP_PASSWORD` in `.env` (cloned from `.env.example`) for secure global access. |
| **Port Forwarding** | 🔴 Low | **NOT RECOMMENDED**. Use the built-in `_web` tunnel instead. |

### Recommendations

| Scenario | Recommendation |
|----------|----------------|
| Home network (trusted) | Use as-is, HTTPS recommended |
| Shared network (office) | Enable HTTPS, consider adding auth |
| Remote access | Use VPN or SSH tunnel, never expose directly to internet |

---

## 🔑 Certificate Management

### Generating Certificates

```bash
node generate_ssl.js
```

**What it does:**
1. Detects your local IP addresses (e.g., 192.168.1.3)
2. Tries OpenSSL first (if available) - includes IP in certificate SAN
3. Falls back to Node.js crypto if OpenSSL not found
4. Creates `certs/server.key` and `certs/server.cert`

**Example output:**
```
🔐 Generating self-signed SSL certificate...

📍 Detected IP addresses: 192.168.1.3, 127.0.0.1

🔧 Using OpenSSL for certificate generation...

✅ SSL certificates generated successfully!
   Method: OpenSSL
   Key:    ./certs/server.key
   Cert:   ./certs/server.cert
   SANs:   localhost, 192.168.1.3, 127.0.0.1
```

### Web UI Method

If you're already running the server on HTTP:
1. Look for the yellow **"⚠️ Not Secure"** banner
2. Click **"Enable HTTPS"** button
3. Restart the server when prompted

### Regenerating Certificates

If you need a new certificate (e.g., IP changed, expired, or compromised):

```bash
# Delete old certificates
rm -rf certs/     # Linux/macOS
rmdir /s certs    # Windows

# Generate new ones
node generate_ssl.js

# Restart server
node server.js
```

Note: After regenerating, you'll need to accept the browser warning again on all devices.

### Certificate Location

Certificates are stored in `./certs/` and are **gitignored** - they will NOT be committed to version control.

### Verifying Your Certificate

To check which certificate you're using and its details:

**Windows (with Git):**
```powershell
& "C:\Program Files\Git\usr\bin\openssl.exe" x509 -in certs/server.cert -text -noout | Select-String -Pattern "Subject:|Issuer:|Not Before|Not After|DNS:|IP Address:"
```

**macOS/Linux:**
```bash
openssl x509 -in certs/server.cert -text -noout | grep -E "Subject:|Issuer:|Not Before|Not After|DNS:|IP Address:"
```

**Example output:**
```
Issuer: C=US, O=AntigravityPhoneConnect, CN=localhost
Not Before: Jan 17 06:55:13 2026 GMT
Not After : Jan 17 06:55:13 2027 GMT
Subject: C=US, O=AntigravityPhoneConnect, CN=localhost
DNS:localhost, IP Address:192.168.1.3, IP Address:127.0.0.1
```

**Quick check (any platform):**
```bash
node -e "const fs=require('fs'); console.log(fs.existsSync('certs/server.cert') ? '✅ Certificate exists' : '❌ No certificate')"
```

---

## 🌐 Network Security

### Local Network Only

By default, the server binds to `0.0.0.0:3000`, meaning:
- ✅ Accessible from any device on your LAN
- ✅ Accessible via `localhost` on the host machine
- ❌ NOT accessible from the internet (unless you port-forward)

### Firewall Considerations

If you can't connect from your phone:
1. Check Windows Firewall / macOS Firewall settings
2. Ensure port 3000 is allowed for Node.js
3. Verify both devices are on the same Wi-Fi network

---

## 🔧 Installing OpenSSL (Optional)

For the best certificate experience (proper IP SAN support), install OpenSSL:

### Windows
- **Easiest**: Install [Git for Windows](https://git-scm.com/) - includes OpenSSL
- **Standalone**: Download from [slproweb.com](https://slproweb.com/products/Win32OpenSSL.html)

### macOS
```bash
# Already included as LibreSSL, or install via Homebrew:
brew install openssl
```

### Linux
```bash
# Usually pre-installed, or:
sudo apt install openssl    # Debian/Ubuntu
sudo yum install openssl    # RHEL/CentOS
```

---

## 📚 Related Documentation

- [README.md](README.md) - Quick start and HTTPS setup instructions
- [CODE_DOCUMENTATION.md](CODE_DOCUMENTATION.md) - Technical details of SSL implementation
- [DESIGN_PHILOSOPHY.md](DESIGN_PHILOSOPHY.md) - Security design decisions
- [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md) - Security checklist for contributors
